---
slug: reality
title: Reality
authors: [randelltuazon]
keywords: [randell tuazon, poetry, love letter]
tags: [love-letter]
---

There are those things we want to have. Then there are those things that we need to have. And sometimes,
what we need is only one true thing. And whatever we already have which we wanted then the most, we are
now in favour of losing it all only for a trade-off to that one special thing. Longing day by day, and going through
some sleepless nights that gradually drain the hope; asking about why we couldn't have it. In the thinking of
deserving it or not. Realizing there is a fact that in life, there are things never meant to happen. For the world
is not yours alone.

Some changed for the better or for the worse, or fell to insanity; while some poured all tears, endured every
rush of pain before letting go. Some persevere, into their pursuit of what happiness meant to them. Finding
themselves gone to the part, where they constantly dream; either in their sleep or by the day awake. From time
to time, retreating from reality, settling to some place we call Neverland. Where we're control of our own world,
discovering the happiness together with the ones we love, that sometimes we regret we dreamed too happy.
Coming into our senses again, only to hurt ourselves realizing the sad truth.

However, for some fantasies to turn real, now and again, we must believe first before it can actually happen.
No matter the distance of what you're trying to reach, only time may have the answers. We tend to ask; would
we get there? Would we get it? Nobody knows, just yet. Grasping all the hopes with great faith, we hang
ourselves to carry on. To the fulfillment of our existence, and of our own being's completeness, we seek the
reason. Blankly we thought, still; Only to be frustrated, as we finally turn our faith down.

Somehow and often, there are no perfect answers to the questions of life. The decision what to believe in what
is right or real is always ours. Sometimes, to resolve something, we just have to leave it right there at the corner,
unanswered. Sooner or later, at their own right time, all the answers will reveal themselves. Or maybe we would
then find out that it was never really answered, because we didnít have to. We realize that we don't need the
answer anymore.
